README.md, before:

# Apache Service Example

This is an example of creating a service running Apache.  Note that this
blueprint references an image created by the base image scripts at
[https://github.com/getcloudless/example-base-image](https://github.com/getcloudless/example-base-image),
so this will fail unless you run that first.

## Usage

The file at `blueprint.yml` can be used in any service command:

```
cldls service create blueprint.yml
```

You can run the service's regression tests with:

```
cldls service-test run service_test_configuration.yml
```

Note that these are completely independent of what provider you're using,
assuming you've already built the [Base
Image](https://github.com/getcloudless/example-base-image).

## Workflow

The main value of the test framework is that it is focused on the workflow of
actually developing a service.  For example, if you want to deploy a service
(and all its dependencies) that you can work on without running the full test,
you can run:

```
cldls service-test deploy service_test_configuration.yml
```

This command saves the SSH keys locally and will display the SSH command that
you need to run to log into the instance.

Now, say you want to actually check that the service is behaving as expected:

```
cldls service-test check service_test_configuration.yml
```

You can run this as many times as you want until it's working, as you are logged
in.  Finally, clean everything up with:

```
cldls service-test cleanup service_test_configuration.yml
```

You're done!  The run step will run all these steps in order.

## Files

- `service_test_configuration.yml`: Configuration file for the service test
  framework.
- `blueprint.yml`: Blueprint that is actually used to create the service.  This
  is the thing we are really testing.
- `apache_startup_script.sh`: Script referenced by the blueprint that will set
  up Apache.
- `blueprint_fixture.py`: Python test fixture that will set up dependencies and
  verify that things are behaving as expected.

Commit message:

Initial filesystem based Vault setup
This shows a simple startup script and verification step for a single
node Vault server that is backed by the filesystem.

Clearly there are many ways this could be improved, like by building
most of this into the base image, using Ansible for the setup,
provisioning certificates and using TLS, and, of course, setting up a
backend that is actually highly available.

However, for now this is a good example of how to use Cloudless to
install a real service, and this might see some use as a "bootstrap"
Vault (because when you're setting up a real Consul/Vault cluster, how
do you get your initial set of secrets?).

README.md, after:

# Vault Service Example

This is an example of creating a simple single node Vault setup that uses the
filesystem backend.  Note that this blueprint references an image created by the
base image scripts at
[https://github.com/getcloudless/example-base-image](https://github.com/getcloudless/example-base-image),
so this will fail unless you run that first.

## Installation

You can clone this repo, and then install Cloudless and the other dependencies
using [pipenv](https://pipenv.readthedocs.io/en/latest/):

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/getcloudless/example-vault.git
$ cd example-vault
$ pipenv install
$ pipenv shell
$ which cldls
```

## Usage

The file at `blueprint.yml` can be used in any service command:

```
cldls service create blueprint.yml
```

You can run the service's regression tests with:

```
cldls service-test run service_test_configuration.yml
```

Note that these are completely independent of what provider you're using,
assuming you've already built the [Base
Image](https://github.com/getcloudless/example-base-image).

## Workflow

The main value of the test framework is that it is focused on the workflow of
actually developing a service.  For example, if you want to deploy a service
(and all its dependencies) that you can work on without running the full test,
you can run:

```
cldls service-test deploy service_test_configuration.yml
```

This command saves the SSH keys locally and will display the SSH command that
you need to run to log into the instance.

Now, say you want to actually check that the service is behaving as expected:

```
cldls service-test check service_test_configuration.yml
```

You can run this as many times as you want until it's working, as you are logged
in.  Finally, clean everything up with:

```
cldls service-test cleanup service_test_configuration.yml
```

You're done!  The run step will run all these steps in order.
